README.md, before:

# Milestone Project 1 MHC Financial Services 
This is a highly responsive & intuitive website I am building for my Milestone Project 1; it is for my sister’s start-up company. Its aim is to engage potential clients in an intuitive, easy to navigate website which has dynamic design properties and gives a positive user experience.
It needs to be informative and display in a clear defined manner, what the company is about, its services that it offers and how people can contact them. Functionality and navigation must be intuitive with clear layout and design, while keeping the business and end-user goals insight.

## UX

### Target Audience
•	People in need of financial services.

•	People who need help in any of the services listed.

•	Company’s who need to outsource their financial needs and/or HR.

•	People who want to learn about how working with this company could benefit their own needs.

•	People who don’t understand revenue.

### Visitor/User goals:

•	Clearly retrieve information on what services are on offer.

•	Learn how working this company can benefit them.

•	Definitive ‘call to action’ to be able to get in contact.

### Business goals (site owner's goals):

•	Make the brand more recognizable and expand the business.

•	Provide a connection to social media platforms in order to give a stronger marketing platform in order to generate revenue.

•	Promote their services to a larger audience.

•	Clear ‘call to action’ method to generate potential new clients to engage in services.

## User Stories

### First time Visitors
1.	Visitor to the website, I want to easily navigate the site and find what I require (implementing the 3 click rule).
2.	Visitor will want to view services page to identify what is on offer in a clear and informative manner which is honest, thorough & understandable.
3.	Visitors will want to learn more about the company, to add positivity and value to the overall experience. 
4.	Visitor wants an easy way to contact the company to engage services.
5.	As a client, I want to follow the company on social media, so I can keep up with their latest works & news.
### Returning Visitors
1.	As a returning visitor I want to easily navigate to what I need.
2.	To see contact information and opening hours.
3.	To be able to quickly and easy engage with the company.

<img src="/assets/screenshots/contact-screenshot.jpg" width="700" height="400"/>
<img src="/assets/screenshots/service-screenshot.jpg" width="700" height="400"/>
<img src="/assets/screenshots/nav-screenshot.jpg" width="700" height="400"/>

## Features
When designing this website, I looked for the design inspiration from various tech websites & accounting/financial websites and UX reviews online.
### Fonts
I have used Google Fonts to determine the best fonts suitable for each part of the website, I.e. Headings, Menu and Body information.
I opted to use the Lora & Raleway font's for my website, which is one of the most popular fonts used by major internet companies.
### Icons
The Icons I used where taken from Fontawesome, used in moderation on different objects.
### Colors
The colors were determined by the palette of colormind website:

•	For body text and some titles:#fff; #696969; #000000;

•	For Logo and navbar menu: #696969; #64AF75;

•	For body background: #fff; #8D6D5F;

### Images
All Images were taken from Pexel and compressed with Tiny jpg to increase webpage load times.
 
### Wireframe
I used Balsamiq to build the Desktop design of the website. View my wireframes here:

[MHC Financial Wireframes](/assets/wireframes/mhc.bmpr)


### Features
The website is built with 4 pages. It makes website easier to load and navigate. Users can easily navigate website by either scrolling down or going through Navigation Bar.
### Navigation bar
Navigation bar structures are the company’s Logo & name with menu items. The Menu includes links to Home, Services, About and Contact pages. There is a drop down bar on the services tab to allow users to select the service they want to visit. Users can easily return to the top of the website by either pressing the Logo or Home tab.
### About
About page is built of two columns. The left column is the image and the right column is the text, describing the company to the user and profiling the company’s information.
### Services
The service tab consists of one page with 10 parts. The top part is the Taxation section, it will have an image and content showing information on this service and prompting users to enquire about this service via contact link in the form of a ‘call to action’ button. The process is repeated down the page for each service heading. Accounting – Auditing - Business Startup - Book keeping – payroll - vat service – Revenue - Personal Finance & HR. The user will have a well defined understanding of all services available from this company.
### Contact
The contact page has two columns. The left column is the contact form where clients have to include their first name and surname, email, phone no and they will be provided a textbox to input a description of what they are seeking. All fields are marked with the ‘Required’ attribute.
The right side is the contact information where clients can view the street address, phone no, email and google map.
### Footer
The footer is located at the bottom of the page it will contain an additional navbar, contact information for company and copyright. It will also have details about who designed the page with a link to the designer’s homepage.
## Features that have been implemented:

•	Responsiveness on all device sizes & types.

•	Interactive elements.

•	Easy to use navigation on all screen sizes.

•	Scrolling navigation on services pages.

•	Contact form.

•	Attractive Responsive design.

•	Social media links.

•	Google map API.
## Features that will be implemented in the future:
•	Calendar.

•	Consultation Booking form.

•	Document Submission.

•	Live Chat.

•	Cookies Acceptance.

## Testing
I used the W3C Markup Validation and W3C CSS Validation Services were used to validate every page of the project to ensure there were no syntax errors in the project. Also gitpod debug was used while writing code to check for errors. Google Chrome DevTools was also used to test different screen sizes and conflictions & errors in design.

•	W3C Markup Validation. 

•	W3C CSS Validation.

•	Gitpod Debug. 

•	Google Chrome DevTools.
## Deployment
GitHub Pages
The project was deployed to GitHub Pages using the following steps...

1. I opened the 'Settings' section of my project repository in GitHub.
2. I scrolled down to the 'GitHub Pages' section.
3. I selected 'master branch' as my Source.
4. I selected '/(root)' folder.
5. Then save.

My project is now published on GitHub Pages and allows me to share the live website.

## Credits

### Media
•	The images used in this project were taken from pexels.com.
•   All Logos were created by the developer.
### Code
•	The HTML/CSS used for the Website was created by me with modified templates taken from bootstrap library and mdbootstrap.

•	Bootstrap4 - Library was used throughout the project mainly to make site responsive.

•   Template taken for footer and contact form was from mdBootstrap.
### Content
•	All content was written by the developer.

## Acknowledgements
•	My Mentor for continuous helpful feedback and guidance to stay on task.

•	Tutor support at Code Institute for their support.

•   My Partner and Kids for tolerating the late nights.

## Disclaimer
The content on this website is for the purpose of this business only and will be copyrighted to MHC Financial Services.

Commit message:

fixed broken links and added js and php for contact form submit

README.md, after:

# Milestone Project 1 MHC Financial Services 
This is a highly responsive & intuitive website I am building for my Milestone Project 1; it is for my sister’s start-up company. Its aim is to engage potential clients in an intuitive, easy to navigate website which has dynamic design properties and gives a positive user experience.
It needs to be informative and display in a clear defined manner, what the company is about, its services that it offers and how people can contact them. Functionality and navigation must be intuitive with clear layout and design, while keeping the business and end-user goals insight.

## UX

### Target Audience
•	People in need of financial services.

•	People who need help in any of the services listed.

•	Company’s who need to outsource their financial needs and/or HR.

•	People who want to learn about how working with this company could benefit their own needs.

•	People who don’t understand revenue.

### Visitor/User goals:

•	Clearly retrieve information on what services are on offer.

•	Learn how working this company can benefit them.

•	Definitive ‘call to action’ to be able to get in contact.

### Business goals (site owner's goals):

•	Make the brand more recognizable and expand the business.

•	Provide a connection to social media platforms in order to give a stronger marketing platform in order to generate revenue.

•	Promote their services to a larger audience.

•	Clear ‘call to action’ method to generate potential new clients to engage in services.

## User Stories

### First time Visitors
1.	Visitor to the website, I want to easily navigate the site and find what I require (implementing the 3 click rule).
2.	Visitor will want to view services page to identify what is on offer in a clear and informative manner which is honest, thorough & understandable.
3.	Visitors will want to learn more about the company, to add positivity and value to the overall experience. 
4.	Visitor wants an easy way to contact the company to engage services.
5.	As a client, I want to follow the company on social media, so I can keep up with their latest works & news.
### Returning Visitors
1.	As a returning visitor I want to easily navigate to what I need.
2.	To see contact information and opening hours.
3.	To be able to quickly and easy engage with the company.

<img src="/assets/screenshots/contact-screenshot.jpg" width="700" height="400"/>
<img src="/assets/screenshots/service-screenshot.jpg" width="700" height="400"/>
<img src="/assets/screenshots/nav-screenshot.jpg" width="700" height="400"/>

## Features
When designing this website, I looked for the design inspiration from various tech websites & accounting/financial websites and UX reviews online.
### Fonts
I have used Google Fonts to determine the best fonts suitable for each part of the website, I.e. Headings, Menu and Body information.
I opted to use the Lora & Raleway font's for my website, which is one of the most popular fonts used by major internet companies.
### Icons
The Icons I used where taken from Fontawesome, used in moderation on different objects.
### Colors
The colors were determined by the palette of colormind website:

•	For body text and some titles:#fff; #696969; #000000;

•	For Logo and navbar menu: #696969; #64AF75;

•	For body background: #fff; #8D6D5F;

### Images
All Images were taken from Pexel and compressed with Tiny jpg to increase webpage load times.
 
### Wireframe
I used Balsamiq to build the Desktop design of the website. View my wireframes here:

[MHC Financial Wireframes](/assets/wireframes/mhc.bmpr)


### Features
The website is built with 4 pages. It makes website easier to load and navigate. Users can easily navigate website by either scrolling down or going through Navigation Bar.
### Navigation bar
Navigation bar structures are the company’s Logo & name with menu items. The Menu includes links to Home, Services, About and Contact pages. There is a drop down bar on the services tab to allow users to select the service they want to visit. Users can easily return to the top of the website by either pressing the Logo or Home tab.
### About
About page is built of two columns. The left column is the image and the right column is the text, describing the company to the user and profiling the company’s information.
### Services
The service tab consists of one page with 10 parts. The top part is the Taxation section, it will have an image and content showing information on this service and prompting users to enquire about this service via contact link in the form of a ‘call to action’ button. The process is repeated down the page for each service heading. Accounting – Auditing - Business Startup - Book keeping – payroll - vat service – Revenue - Personal Finance & HR. The user will have a well defined understanding of all services available from this company.
### Contact
The contact page has two columns. The left column is the contact form where clients have to include their first name and surname, email, phone no and they will be provided a textbox to input a description of what they are seeking. All fields are marked with the ‘Required’ attribute.
The right side is the contact information where clients can view the street address, phone no, email and google map.
### Footer
The footer is located at the bottom of the page it will contain an additional navbar, contact information for company and copyright. It will also have details about who designed the page with a link to the designer’s homepage.
## Features that have been implemented:

•	Responsiveness on all device sizes & types.

•	Interactive elements.

•	Easy to use navigation on all screen sizes.

•	Scrolling navigation on services pages.

•	Contact form.

•	Attractive Responsive design.

•	Social media links.

•	Google map API.
## Features that will be implemented in the future:
•	Calendar.

•	Consultation Booking form.

•	Document Submission.

•	Live Chat.

•	Cookies Acceptance.

## Testing
I used the W3C Markup Validation and W3C CSS Validation Services were used to validate every page of the project to ensure there were no syntax errors in the project. Also gitpod debug was used while writing code to check for errors. Google Chrome DevTools was also used to test different screen sizes and conflictions & errors in design.

•	W3C Markup Validation. 

•	W3C CSS Validation.

•	Gitpod Debug. 

•	Google Chrome DevTools.
## Deployment
GitHub Pages
The project was deployed to GitHub Pages using the following steps...

1. I opened the 'Settings' section of my project repository in GitHub.
2. I scrolled down to the 'GitHub Pages' section.
3. I selected 'master branch' as my Source.
4. I selected '/(root)' folder.
5. Then save.

My project is now published on GitHub Pages and allows me to share the live website.

## Credits

### Media
•	The images used in this project were taken from pexels.com.
•   All Logos were created by the developer.
### Code
•	The HTML/CSS used for the Website was created by me with modified templates taken from bootstrap library and mdbootstrap.

•	Bootstrap4 - Library was used throughout the project mainly to make site responsive.

•   Template taken for footer and contact form was from mdBootstrap.

•   The code for submitting the contact form was taken from bootstraptemple.com

### Content
•	All content was written by the developer.

## Acknowledgements
•	My Mentor for continuous helpful feedback and guidance to stay on task.

•	Tutor support at Code Institute for their support.

•   My Partner and Kids for tolerating the late nights.

## Disclaimer
The content on this website is for the purpose of this business only and will be copyrighted to MHC Financial Services.
